walbrzych will bring a jacket Jeff
Winger whatever I believe it
Jordan will have much time we need to
get to the mood in outer space I don't
know why I yoga moon why do you need so
no but I got that guy what's on the moon
huge scary millipede watch using gross
slimy millipede power to destroy the
cavern of the red windows car I don't
know why I'm even asking Sami aside no
actual choice here how about we save
some time and just gonna freakin move I
got all I don't understand how you could
go there
how long is this gonna take Charlie what
where this is the millipede I got y'all
a try to get it off I don't feel
anything I'm soaked roasted okay this is
the place we have you surrounded mr. bug
there's no God we're here you're ready
charlie yeah ready for what
yeah here we go
I am a millipede I am amazing I command
you to gaze upon my face you'll never
find someone charming as I am I'm the
swanky is Bogart and smearing as a star
I'm a god of a thing to behold there is
none is resplendent as I with my sleek
little legs and my 300 eggs on my
Majesty none can deny because i am the
millipede I a mysterious when i vanish i
never leave a trace you will not find a
millipede I am a champion no one else in
the universe keeps pace you'll never
find someone quite so enchanted
while I'm here there's just no second
place i'm an eye to the king i'm an
object of all there is none quite so
gleaming as i I've got glamour to spare
you are right when you stand on the what
when where and the why join me in the
middle of each have the sounding wisdom
flows from my person is like lace you'll
never find someone darling I am I'm the
swankiest tulare pest certainly best
trance / dance / just exploded like
everything does when it sinks to me oh I
don't want to go in you can't think
anymore with this is the most important
thing we've ever needed you for if you
go into the cavern will never bother you
again never promised over the last year
ever since Charlie okay okay I'll go
with your a trade mission all right so
we're in what do I do Oh what is that
good kind of bored and also good at the
moon so we're gonna blow it up what oh
okay how do we get back to earth you
always kind of smell
ah you guys are going a little far this
time huh guys I darling we don't have
much time of starfish there are dried
the guilty all will be explained but
first duty to wish on Bay what I'm a
star Make A Wish wish to go home all
right but what happens to us do it my
love where we still go home charlie okay
who's next oh hello well this is
embarrassing
you